>>> LOOKING AT LIVE PICTURES OF
>>> LOOKING AT LIVE PICTURES OF THE BRITISH PARLIAMENT AND
THE BRITISH PARLIAMENT AND TERESA MAY WHO IS SPEAKING.
TERESA MAY WHO IS SPEAKING. SHE LARGELY LOST HER VOICE.
SHE LARGELY LOST HER VOICE. PARLIAMENT REJECTED AGAIN HER
PARLIAMENT REJECTED AGAIN HER BREXIST DEAL IN A MAJOR BLOW TO
BREXIST DEAL IN A MAJOR BLOW TO HER EU DIVORCE PLANS.
HER EU DIVORCE PLANS. LET’S LISTEN IN.
LET’S LISTEN IN. >> THE EU WANTS TO KNOW WHAT YOU
>> THE EU WANTS TO KNOW WHAT YOU NEED TO MAKE SUCH AN EXTENSION
NEED TO MAKE SUCH AN EXTENSION AND THIS HOUSE WILL HAVE TO
AND THIS HOUSE WILL HAVE TO ANSWER IS THAT QUESTION.
ANSWER IS THAT QUESTION. DOES IT WISH TO REVOKE ARTICLE
DOES IT WISH TO REVOKE ARTICLE 50 OR DOES IT WANT TO HOLD A
50 OR DOES IT WANT TO HOLD A SECOND REFERENDUM?
SECOND REFERENDUM? >> YES!
>> YES! >> NO!
>> NO! >> DOES IT WANT TO LEAVE WITH A
>> DOES IT WANT TO LEAVE WITH A DEAL, BUT NOT THIS DEAL?
DEAL, BUT NOT THIS DEAL? THESE ARE UNENVIABLE CHOICES
THESE ARE UNENVIABLE CHOICES THAT THE HOUSE HAS MADE.
THAT THE HOUSE HAS MADE. THEY ARE CHOICES THAT MUST NOW
THEY ARE CHOICES THAT MUST NOW BE FACED.
BE FACED. >> JEREMY CORBIN WILL SPEAK AND
>> JEREMY CORBIN WILL SPEAK AND THIS IS WHAT TERESA MAY HAS
THIS IS WHAT TERESA MAY HAS SAID.
SAID. THEY WILL HAVE TO MAKE SERIOUS
THEY WILL HAVE TO MAKE SERIOUS DECISIONS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS
DECISIONS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
NEXT. WITH ME NOW, NBC NEWS’S BILL
WITH ME NOW, NBC NEWS’S BILL NEALEY IS OUTSIDE PARLIAMENT FOR
NEALEY IS OUTSIDE PARLIAMENT FOR THE INTERCEPT AND HOST OF THE
THE INTERCEPT AND HOST OF THE DECONSTRUCT PODCAST.
DECONSTRUCT PODCAST. BILL, A COUPLE OF HOURS AGO YOU
BILL, A COUPLE OF HOURS AGO YOU TALKED AND PREDICTED IT WOULD GO
TALKED AND PREDICTED IT WOULD GO DOWN TO DEFEAT.
DOWN TO DEFEAT. YOU HEARD THE RESPONSES WHEN
YOU HEARD THE RESPONSES WHEN TERESA MAY STATED THE OPTIONS
TERESA MAY STATED THE OPTIONS THAT ARE LEFT.
THAT ARE LEFT. WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE TO YOU?
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE TO YOU? >> WELL, WASN’T THAT INTERESTING
>> WELL, WASN’T THAT INTERESTING AND SIGNIFICANT?
AND SIGNIFICANT? TERESA MAY’S VOICE BARELY ABLE
TERESA MAY’S VOICE BARELY ABLE TO COMMUNICATE AND NOT GETTING
TO COMMUNICATE AND NOT GETTING HER MESSAGE ACROSS VERY CLEARLY.
HER MESSAGE ACROSS VERY CLEARLY. I’M AFRAID THAT’S THE LESSON OF
I’M AFRAID THAT’S THE LESSON OF HER LEADERSHIP.
HER LEADERSHIP. SHE JUST LOST AGAIN BY HISTORIC
SHE JUST LOST AGAIN BY HISTORIC PROPORTIONS.
PROPORTIONS. LAST TIME SHE LOST BY 230 VOTES
LAST TIME SHE LOST BY 230 VOTES AND THIS TIME BY 147.
AND THIS TIME BY 147. 391 LAWMAKERS VOTING AGAINST THE
391 LAWMAKERS VOTING AGAINST THE DEAL NEGOTIATED WITH THE
DEAL NEGOTIATED WITH THE EUROPEAN UNION.
EUROPEAN UNION. SHE IS CLINGING ON NOT JUST TO
SHE IS CLINGING ON NOT JUST TO HER VOICE, BUT TO POWER.
HER VOICE, BUT TO POWER. THE NEXT STEP IS ANOTHER VOTE
THE NEXT STEP IS ANOTHER VOTE TOMORROW NIGHT ON WHETHER OR NOT
TOMORROW NIGHT ON WHETHER OR NOT BRITAIN SHOULD CRASH OUT OF THE
BRITAIN SHOULD CRASH OUT OF THE EUROPEAN UNION WITHOUT A DEAL ON
EUROPEAN UNION WITHOUT A DEAL ON MARCH 29th, BUT ONCE AGAIN THERE
MARCH 29th, BUT ONCE AGAIN THERE WILL BE A HUGE MAJORITY IN THE
WILL BE A HUGE MAJORITY IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS THAT WILL SAY
HOUSE OF COMMONS THAT WILL SAY NO, WE MUST NOT CRASH OUT,
NO, WE MUST NOT CRASH OUT, LEADING TO A THIRD ON THURSDAY.
LEADING TO A THIRD ON THURSDAY. ON ASKING THE EUROPEAN UNION IF
ON ASKING THE EUROPEAN UNION IF THAT DATE OF MARCH 29th WHEN
THAT DATE OF MARCH 29th WHEN BRITAIN LEAVES CAN BE DELAYED.
BRITAIN LEAVES CAN BE DELAYED. IT IS ENTIRELY UP TO THE UNION
IT IS ENTIRELY UP TO THE UNION AND 27 REMAINING MEMBERS WHETHER
AND 27 REMAINING MEMBERS WHETHER IT SAID YES OR NO TO BRITAIN.
IT SAID YES OR NO TO BRITAIN. >> TERESA MAY SEEMS TO BE OF THE
>> TERESA MAY SEEMS TO BE OF THE VIEW THAT THE EUROPEAN UNION HAS
VIEW THAT THE EUROPEAN UNION HAS NO GOOD UNION.
NO GOOD UNION. THEY WANT A GOOD REASON AS TO
THEY WANT A GOOD REASON AS TO WHY TO EXTEND.
WHY TO EXTEND. PREPARATIONS ARE UNDER WAY FOR A
PREPARATIONS ARE UNDER WAY FOR A NO DEAL BREXIT THAT INVOLVES THE
NO DEAL BREXIT THAT INVOLVES THE GOVERNMENT DECLAREING THE
GOVERNMENT DECLAREING THE INCIDENT.
INCIDENT. THEY HAVE BEEN STOCKPILING
THEY HAVE BEEN STOCKPILING INSIDE OR INGREDIENTS.
INSIDE OR INGREDIENTS. THIS IS A SERIOUS ISSUE.
THIS IS A SERIOUS ISSUE. WHAT HAPPENS NEXT IN YOUR
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT IN YOUR OPINION?
OPINION? >> MADNESS.
>> MADNESS. ONE OF THE RICHEST COUNTRIES IN
ONE OF THE RICHEST COUNTRIES IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD
THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD STOCKPILING MEDICINES AND
STOCKPILING MEDICINES AND TALKING ABOUT DELAYS FOR A NO
TALKING ABOUT DELAYS FOR A NO DEAL BREXIT.
DEAL BREXIT. TO BE CLEAR, THIS IS GOING ON
TO BE CLEAR, THIS IS GOING ON FOR TWO YEARS.
FOR TWO YEARS. TWO YEARS AGO, THEY INVOEKD
TWO YEARS AGO, THEY INVOEKD ARTICLE 50 TO GET OUT AFTER THEY
ARTICLE 50 TO GET OUT AFTER THEY WON.
WON. TWO YEARS LATER, WE ARE 17 DAYS
TWO YEARS LATER, WE ARE 17 DAYS AWAY FROM FRIDAY NIGHT BRITAIN
AWAY FROM FRIDAY NIGHT BRITAIN CRASHING WITHOUT A DEAL.
CRASHING WITHOUT A DEAL. THIS IS CRAZY.
THIS IS CRAZY. THERE IS NOTHING LIKE IT IN MY
THERE IS NOTHING LIKE IT IN MY LIFE 5.
LIFE 5. EUROPE HAS BEEN TEARING IT APART
EUROPE HAS BEEN TEARING IT APART FOR DECADES.
FOR DECADES. TERESA MAY CALLED AN ELECTION TO
TERESA MAY CALLED AN ELECTION TO HELP AND LOST HER MAJORITY.
HELP AND LOST HER MAJORITY. SHE LOST THE SENIOR MINSTERS
SHE LOST THE SENIOR MINSTERS ALONG THE WAY.
ALONG THE WAY. IN JANUARY SHE LOST BY THE
IN JANUARY SHE LOST BY THE BIGGEST MARGIN IN MODERN
BIGGEST MARGIN IN MODERN DEMOCRATIC HISTORY TRYING TO GET
DEMOCRATIC HISTORY TRYING TO GET THE DEAL PASSED.
THE DEAL PASSED. NOW PLAN B.
NOW PLAN B. LOST AGAIN.
LOST AGAIN. I DON’T THINK ANYONE HAS A PLAN
I DON’T THINK ANYONE HAS A PLAN C.
C. >> IS THERE A SOLUTION AND WE
>> IS THERE A SOLUTION AND WE CAN ALL AGREE HER LEADERSHIP HAS
CAN ALL AGREE HER LEADERSHIP HAS NOT SOLVED THIS PROBLEM.
NOT SOLVED THIS PROBLEM. WHAT IS THE SOLUTION?
WHAT IS THE SOLUTION? WHO CAN SOLVE THIS PROBLEM?
WHO CAN SOLVE THIS PROBLEM? WE ARE 17 DAYS OUT.
WE ARE 17 DAYS OUT. WHAT CAN HAPPEN THAT IS NOT A
WHAT CAN HAPPEN THAT IS NOT A BAD ENDING.
BAD ENDING. >> SOMETHING THAT THERE ARE A
>> SOMETHING THAT THERE ARE A LOT OF BRITS WHO THINK THEY WILL
LOT OF BRITS WHO THINK THEY WILL DO SOMETHING.
DO SOMETHING. WE ARE TALKING ABOUT EXTENDING
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT EXTENDING UNTIL MAY.
UNTIL MAY. THERE ARE EUROPEAN ELECTIONS
THERE ARE EUROPEAN ELECTIONS BEFORE MAY.
BEFORE MAY. I UNDERSTAND WHAT IT REALLY
I UNDERSTAND WHAT IT REALLY DOES.
DOES. ALL IT DOES IS CARRY ON ARGUING
ALL IT DOES IS CARRY ON ARGUING FOR ANOTHER TWO MONTHS.
FOR ANOTHER TWO MONTHS. AS LONG AS THERE IS NO SOLUTION
AS LONG AS THERE IS NO SOLUTION THAT IS ACCEPTABLE AND THE PARTY
THAT IS ACCEPTABLE AND THE PARTY DIVISIONS AND NORTHERN IRELAND
DIVISIONS AND NORTHERN IRELAND WHICH CAUSED THE RECENT PROBLEMS
WHICH CAUSED THE RECENT PROBLEMS AND THIS RESOLUTION.
AND THIS RESOLUTION. I DON’T SEE HOW IT GETS
I DON’T SEE HOW IT GETS RESOLVED.
RESOLVED. >> ALL THOSE OTHER MATTERS,
>> ALL THOSE OTHER MATTERS, BRITAIN PROBABLY CAN GET THE
BRITAIN PROBABLY CAN GET THE MEDICINE IT NEEDS AND OVERTIME
MEDICINE IT NEEDS AND OVERTIME AND IT’S NOT PART OF THE UNITED
AND IT’S NOT PART OF THE UNITED KINGDOM.
KINGDOM. NORTHERN IRELAND IS PART OF THE
NORTHERN IRELAND IS PART OF THE UNITED KINGDOM AND LEAVES ALONG
UNITED KINGDOM AND LEAVES ALONG WITH BRITAIN.
WITH BRITAIN. THIS IS THE PART OF THE DEAL
THIS IS THE PART OF THE DEAL THAT MANY ARE WORRIED BECAUSE OF
THAT MANY ARE WORRIED BECAUSE OF POTENTIAL FOR TENSION AND
POTENTIAL FOR TENSION AND VIOLENCE.
VIOLENCE. >> I’M FROM NORTHERN IRELAND AND
>> I’M FROM NORTHERN IRELAND AND WAS THERE RECENTLY AND PEOPLE
WAS THERE RECENTLY AND PEOPLE ARE DEEPLY WORRIED.
ARE DEEPLY WORRIED. A LOT OF THAT VIOLENCE WAS
A LOT OF THAT VIOLENCE WAS CENTERED ALONG THE BORDER
CENTERED ALONG THE BORDER WHETHER A BRITISH ARMY CHECK
WHETHER A BRITISH ARMY CHECK POINTS AND HELICOPTERS GOING
POINTS AND HELICOPTERS GOING BACK AND FORTH AND MANY WERE
BACK AND FORTH AND MANY WERE CLOSED OFF.
CLOSED OFF. AFTER THE GOOD FRIDAY GEAMT THAT
AFTER THE GOOD FRIDAY GEAMT THAT BROUGHT PEACE, PEOPLE DO NOT
BROUGHT PEACE, PEOPLE DO NOT WANT TO GO BACK.
WANT TO GO BACK. THIS IS NOT JUST ABOUT THE
THIS IS NOT JUST ABOUT THE CONSTITUTIONAL POSITION.
CONSTITUTIONAL POSITION. IT’S A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH.
IT’S A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH. THERE’S DEEPLY SERIOUS ISSUES
THERE’S DEEPLY SERIOUS ISSUES AND JUST TO BACK UP WHAT MANY
AND JUST TO BACK UP WHAT MANY SAID, THE PROBLEM IN THE
SAID, THE PROBLEM IN THE BUILDING BEHIND ME IS THERE ARE
BUILDING BEHIND ME IS THERE ARE LOTS OF IDEAS AND NO KBREAMTAGRE
LOTS OF IDEAS AND NO KBREAMTAGRE NONE OF THE SOLUTIONS AND NONE
NONE OF THE SOLUTIONS AND NONE OF THE OPTIONS BEING TOSSED OUT
OF THE OPTIONS BEING TOSSED OUT IN THE LAST 2.5 YEARS COMMANDS A
IN THE LAST 2.5 YEARS COMMANDS A MAJORITY.
MAJORITY. NOBODY KNOWS WHAT IS GOING TO
NOBODY KNOWS WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN
HAPPEN HAPPEN.
HAPPEN. IS THERE GOING TO BE A GENERAL
IS THERE GOING TO BE A GENERAL ELECTION OR WILL TERESA MAY BE
ELECTION OR WILL TERESA MAY BE FORCED BY THE MEN IN GRAY SUITS
FORCED BY THE MEN IN GRAY SUITS TO SAY YOUR TIME IS UP AND YOU
TO SAY YOUR TIME IS UP AND YOU NEED A NEW LEADER.
NEED A NEW LEADER. THE COUNTRY IS DIVIDED AND TO
THE COUNTRY IS DIVIDED AND TO GIVE YOU AN IDEA, TWO OF THE
GIVE YOU AN IDEA, TWO OF THE FOUR NATIONS OF THE UNITED
FOUR NATIONS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM VOTED TO REMAIN AND TWO
KINGDOM VOTED TO REMAIN AND TWO VOTED TO LEAVE.
VOTED TO LEAVE. 48% OF THE POPULATION VOTED TO
48% OF THE POPULATION VOTED TO REMAIN AND 52% TO LEAVE.
REMAIN AND 52% TO LEAVE. THIS IS A DEEPLY DIVIDED UNITED
THIS IS A DEEPLY DIVIDED UNITED KINGDOM.
KINGDOM. >> GENTLEMEN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR
>> GENTLEMEN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR ANALYSIS AND THERE IS ANOTHER
ANALYSIS AND THERE IS ANOTHER VOTE SCHEDULED FOR TOMORROW ON A
VOTE SCHEDULED FOR TOMORROW ON A NO DEAL CRASH OUT BREXIT.
NO DEAL CRASH OUT BREXIT. WE WILL CONTINUE TO FOLLOW THAT